# Academy2021Assignment

If I were to expand on the features of the toy version of this program my first step would be to add more kinds of obstacles, as that would be an expansion of the concept, allow for creativity in level design, and keep to the already established core gameplay loop.

However, my next move would be to expand on the core gameplay loop. It is, in my opinion as someone who likes playing games, not very engaging to play using only a single input. As such, I would add the ball the ability to jump up and left or jump up and right, depending on where the player presses on the screen. This would allow the placement of the stars to have more variety, and therefore also allow for more variation in the placement and stylisation of the obstacles, and even the colour changing orbs (such as making some of them screen-wide lines, or maybe rotating crescents).

A lot of games (especially mobile) these days are incredibly simplistic and soulless. It would add a lot of character to the game if the background and the player and interactible objects on the screen had cool skins, such as coloured arrows for obstacles, maybe elemental balls that change the element of the player between 4 elements (like in Avatar, the Last Airbender), gold coins as stars, and scenic backgrounds such as castles and glades and mountains instead of monocolour nothingness. These things alone in my opinion made the old game "Bejewelled" more fun than its modern competitor "Candy Crush".

Another fun visual addition without actually changing how the game works would be to add boosters that sped up or slowed down the player's character, or tilted the screen in 90 degrees (which changes nothing in action, since the game is still based on one dimensional movement), kinda like turning corners in "Temple Run".